{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red31\green31\blue31;\red21\green168\blue235;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c13333\c13333\c13333;\cssrgb\c16471\c16471\c16471;\cssrgb\c0\c71765\c93725;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12540\viewh16140\viewkind1
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Greece is a country in southeastern Europe with thousands of islands throughout the Aegean and Ionian seas. Influential in ancient times, it's often called the cradle of Western civilization. Athens, its capital, retains landmarks including the 5th-century B.C. Acropolis citadel with the Parthenon temple. Greece is also known for its beaches, from the black sands of Santorini to the party resorts of Mykonos.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 Dion is Macedonia\'92s ancient holy city, which is located on the foot of Mt Olympus at a 5km distance from the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.visitgreece.gr/en/mainland/the_shoreline_at_the_foot_of_mt_olympus"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 shores}} of Pieria. It was the most significant worship spot in antiquity where sacrifices to the Olympian Gods used to take place. This is where King Philip won battles and Alexander the Great offered sacrifices before his expedition to the Persian territory. The area is renowned and much visited for its archaeological site. A large fortified ancient city, temples, theatres, a stadium and cemeteries were unearthed and they serve as evidence that the area was inhabited for more than 1,000 years (5th c. BC up to 5th c. AD). The Dion thermae were built around 200 AD and are most impressive.\
\
The Olympus National Park has wonderful hiking routes you can follow within natural settings of great beauty. This is Greece\'92s first National Park (declared so in 1938). It covers a 45,000 km2 area, and it is home to alpine vegetation, black pine, oak, rompol\uc0\u959  (a type of white pine), beech and 1,700 plant species (23 of which are endemic). In 1981 Mt. Olympus was designated as a UNESCO biosphere reserve. You\'92ll come across various lodges on the mountain: \'93D. Bountolas\'94 (930m alt.), \'93Sp. Agapitos\'94 (2,100m alt.), \'93Chr. Kakalos\'94 (2,650m alt.) and \'93G. Apostolidis\'94 (2,100m alt.).\
There are numerous mountain trails you can explore, the most popular one being the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.visitgreece.gr/en/destinations/litochoro"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 Litochoro}} - Prionia hiking route that travels through the Enipeas gorge (E4 path). If you want to extend your excursion, before reaching Prionia you can follow the trail to Mouson Plateau (2,600m alt.) from Gortsia location and head to higher peaks from there on.}