{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red26\green26\blue26;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red57\green57\blue57;\red83\green105\blue156;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c13333\c13333\c13333;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
\cssrgb\c29020\c29020\c29020;\cssrgb\c39608\c49412\c67451;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12540\viewh16140\viewkind1
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Ireland is an island in the North Atlantic. It is separated from Great Britain to its east by the North Channel, the Irish Sea, and St George's Channel. Ireland is the second-largest island of the British Isles, the third-largest in Europe, and the twentieth-largest on Earth.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 And the secrets are everywhere. Every cairn has a story, every castle turret has a tale, every hill may hide heroic sagas. Ask the people you meet and you will hear them tell of the legends, triumph and sometimes tragedy that whirl around its round towers, opulent mansions and prehistoric monuments.\
\
Welcome to Dublin, a lively capital city that\'92s as intimate as a village and as friendly as your local Irish pub. With its seamless blend of classic visitor sights, excellent social scene and the natural playgrounds of Dublin Bay and the Dublin Mountains framing it on all sides, this laidback city is an adventure in itself.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 Want to catch some local talent? Make your way to a gig. Feeling hungry? Indulge in old Dublin favourites at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://thewoollenmills.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cb4 The Woollen Mills}}. And if you want to slow the pace a little, stroll the city's charming coastal villages like {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.ireland.com/en-us/what-is-available/sightseeing/destinations/republic-of-ireland/dublin/articles/dublin-coastal-towns-and-villages/"}}{\fldrslt \cb4 Howth or Dalkey}} or follow one of the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.ireland.com/en-us/what-is-available/touring-holidays/walking-tours/destinations/republic-of-ireland/dublin/dublin-city/articles/dublin-discovery-trails-app/"}}{\fldrslt \cb4 Dublin Discovery Trails}} to uncover the city's secrets. You see, Dublin is all about the muse behind the music, the craic (fun) of the comedy, the intimate feel of this urban hub. And, of course, the people! Dublin has been named Europe's friendliest city twice by TripAdvisor for good reason. So grab a pint, strike up a conversation, and settle in for the experience of a lifetime.\
\
}